# High Performance Programming and Systems (HPPS)

## Overall structure

HPPS takes place in block 2.  The teaching activities are based on the
idea of [flipped
classroom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flipped_classroom), which
concretely means... TBA

TODO: link course outline PDF here (or somewhere more prominently).

## Assignments

There are 4 assignment in total during the course with deadline
roughly every week and a half.

The assignments will be graded with points from 0 to 4 and it is not
possible to re-hand-in any of the assignments.

Assignments are made to be solved in groups of preferably three
students, but groups of two active students will also do. We strongly
encourage you not to work alone. Groups cannot be larger than three
students. Each group must make their own solutions and cannot share
implementations and report with other. You may however discuss
material and ideas.

## Exam qualification

To qualify for the exam you are required to achieve at least 50% of
the total number of points in the four assignments (that is, 8 points
at minimum).

It is also important to note, that the main purpose of the assignments
are not to prepare you for the exam; that is what the exercise classes
are for. The assignments will focus on larger implementations and the
practical learning goals of the course. Some questions in the exam
will relate to the assignments, but qualifying of the exam (and even
fully solving the assignments) will not be enough preparation to pass
the exam. You need to make the exercises and the best way is to be
active in the exercise classes.

## Languages

All written material will be in **English**.

Most oral teaching will be in **Danish** or **English**, depending on
the specific teacher or TA.

You will be mainly be programming in **C** and **Python**.

## People

The teachers are

* Kenneth Skovhede (<skovhede@nbi.ku.dk>)
* Troels Henriksen (<athas@sigkill.dk>)

The TAs are

* Giorgos Garidis (<dpv246@alumni.ku.dk>)

* Laurent Lindpointner (<xrw514@alumni.ku.dk>)

* Albert Alonso de la Fuente (<ckz831@alumni.ku.dk>)
